Add trimming docs (#213)
nf-core/demultiplex: docs/usage.md

To learn how to provide additional arguments to a particular tool of the pipeline, please see the [customising tool arguments](https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#customising-tool-arguments) section of the nf-core website.

### Trimming

> The trimming process in our demultiplexing pipeline has been updated to ensure compatibility with 10x Genomics recommendations. By default, trimming is performed using fastp, which reliably auto-detects and removes adapter sequences without the need for storing adapter sequences. To prevent double-trimming, we have added a new parameter, `remove_adapter`, which is set to true by default. When `remove_adapter` is true, the pipeline automatically removes any adapter sequences listed in the `[Settings]` section of the Illumina sample sheet, replacing them with an empty string. This approach aligns with 10x Genomics' guidelines, as they advise against pre-processing FASTQ reads before inputting them into their software pipelines. If the `remove_adapter` setting is true but no adapter is removed, a warning will be displayed; however, this does not necessarily indicate an error, as some sample sheets may already lack these adapter sequences. Users can disable this behavior by setting `--remove_adapter false` in the command line, though this is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trimming process in our demultiplexing pipeline has been updated to ensure compatibility with 10x Genomics recommendations. By default, trimming in the pipeline is performed using fastp, which reliably auto-detects and removes adapter sequences without the need for storing adapter sequences. As users can also supply adapter sequences in a samplesheet and thereby triggering trimming in any `bcl2fastq` or `bclconvert` subworkflows, we have added a new parameter, `remove_adapter`, which is set to true by default. When `remove_adapter` is true, the pipeline automatically removes any adapter sequences listed in the `[Settings]` section of the Illumina sample sheet, replacing them with an empty string in order to not provoke this behaviour. This approach aligns with 10x Genomics' guidelines, as they advise against pre-processing FASTQ reads before inputting them into their software pipelines. If the `remove_adapter` setting is true but no adapter is removed, a warning will be displayed; however, this does not necessarily indicate an error, as some sample sheets may already lack these adapter sequences. Users can disable this behavior by setting `--remove_adapter false` in the command line, though this is not recommended.
```

Reviewer: I have slightly added more context - people dont know its usually bcl2fastq that does this automatically.
